hello hello hello hello don't come hello hello what's
up family how are you well
welcome one more day to my channel how are you
well nothing let's see I have this
topic of the video what you are seeing the
thumbnail what you are seeing in the
title well don't write let's talk
a little about the similarities between these
three viral cases that have taken
place in the world of salsa and that of
course we have followed the three cases
very well and very closely well closely let's
see closely I wouldn't like to
continue since cardboard 3 but we have
followed these three cases very closely
because we have been covering them and
reporting them they are three powerful topics and they
are three topics that we have treated to the
maximum perfection and with the maximum
current events and with the greatest
possible coverage on this channel what was
happening well that these topics have gone
very viral with very controversial topics and in
which you have found many
similarities in fact to Rocío Carrasco the
llama and Jan see a mi aire the llama and
Carrasco have see also that type of
things you have not asked me very much to
do this  video and we have decided to make
a compilation not a little based on
our personal opinion of course I have to
say that there are also
numerical differences and that there are some
similarities or at least that I believe
that they are similarities despite the
differences of course let it be clear that each
case is not the same there are
differences okay the three are not
exactly the same the main
difference is that the only one who is
convicted of defamation at the moment
is Amber I know that the law in Spain
works differently
rice they have not even reported her
for defamation as far as we know today I will
become her ex-partner Dallas stated in
2019 or 2020 not in 2019 she stated in 2019 that
she filed a complaint against him for
false accusation of which to this day we still do not
know the result or at least with
the stamps how about mich to Valeria I am
savioli bridas welcome one more day to
my channel if you didn't know me please
subscribe it is absolutely free
you can click the ai on the video and what I would
like above all is that  you are
commenting at the same time that you are watching it
and if you can contribute things always with
respect welcome be it of course
warn that I am not going to go into
super super details or in
each of the cases because for that there
are already for each particular case the
necessary videos each time it has been
necessary and each time for example in the
case of the documentary Rocío Carrasco in
this documentary that she dedicated to her ex
partner the father of her children
last year on Telecinco not only are there
videos that dismantle each of the
episodes of that documentary but there
is also a nod see on my
main channel that I recommend it well I
will be leaving it in the description in
which you have all kinds of details of at
what points of the documentary he lies
contradictions because I do not believe this
because I do not believe that but
the similarities are going to be dealt with a bit with the
high not to a poor person on top of that I also do not think
that presentations are necessary here
the claws with a collaborator
presenter and daughter of one of the
greatest singers in Spain the
folk singer Rocío Juradó Mieres project
is the  ex girlfriend of dallas review that became
known when she was his partner I think she
previously had it with another youtuber who
was also more or less well known and
today from what we are seeing she is still a
regular and is still dedicated to
making influencers and on the other hand the
topic of amberes is the one that we have the most heated
the one of amberes the most viral
because despite the fact that the topic antonio
avisos yo carrasco that has
also been taken to youtube and has been followed by
people from all Spanish-speaking parts
of the world and the topic of dallas
linear is more of the because it has been a
controversy on youtube whose main
protagonists are on youtube and
videos have been crossed and they have done interviews
talking about the subject on social networks
and on youtube it has also been followed by
all parts of the world you will see that the
case of amber and johnny and dee we are
talking about hollywood stars of the
stature of johnny depp since it is
crazy and has been followed by
everyone in all languages ​​but well in
short berger is a famous
hollywood actress today but before  of
being with Johnny because she wasn't that famous she
made low budget movies
here the main difference and of
course without belittling anyone because
this would not take away value from anyone in their
profession but it is curious the
main difference that we are going to
highlight is that in the case of Amber and I
will do her they became more known in their
profession when they had their partner or
during the time that they were with her and
however in the case of Rocío Carrasco
and Antonio David he is the one who became
famous for having been with the daughter of the
greatest to this day that I
am recording this video the three
continue to give interviews despite having
seen their claims dismissed
in terms of gender violence they
continue like headless chickens
giving interviews
accusations and statements both in the
media and in all the places where they
intervene continuing with the story that they
are violence of abuse by
their exes who have seen their
lives destroyed and this is already like an escape
forward of which I do not find the
sense because I can say 800 thousand
times that this pencil is green but if
people have an eye and are seeing the
yellow pencil here there is nothing more to scratch
Rocio Carrasco is currently one of the
main stars of Telecinco in
fact she achieved her goal not
judicially because no way but
in the media she has been the only one and this
would also be another of the main
differences and I think that the other two
have to feel admiration for Rocio
Carrasco in this case or at least
healthy envy of having achieved her
goal I mean I want the other two to
have Rocio Carrasco as their target and the thing is
that Rocio Carrasco yes with her
documentary that a judge already said that the
information in this documentary was not
based on true facts but
was based on information that was
biased and interested by agreeing
with the owners of the television factory to
drop the lawsuits and take away the
compensation that was pending with
this she managed to get Antonio David fired
from his job and that up to now a
year later
after a year and a half almost in fact he
still does not step on television basically it
is what the other two tried Amber is
not going to achieve it nor will  will get it no
way so she has had Johnny
excluded from important films and
important projects during the time
that the process has taken and the doubts
that this has generated because nobody
wants to risk hiring an abuser
and mieres and that she has managed to do
quite a bit of damage done the image of dallas
today is super deteriorated her own
attitude is not the same as it was
before having gone through all this as I
tell you, I am not going to go into too many details
because there are videos of each specific thing
on this channel and my
secondary channel but it is more than obvious that
dallas does not have the visits that
a person with her career should have
with the years that they have with
the followers that they have, they have not
gotten the projects and the
collaborations that any
youtube would have with their numbers and with their career
and with the brands or with anything because of all
this controversy and how they have stained their
image and as I was saying, although
justice has not ruled in their favor, they
continue to do interviews claiming
that they have destroyed her life and that they are
victims of gender violence and that it
is the judges who are sexist okay
the judges and the judges who are
sexist and that justice  patriarchal
in the case of amber at least she had the
decency to withdraw the lawsuit that she filed
for abuse of johnny I do not know what
motivated her to withdraw it but at least she
dropped it although after everything
that is proven in the trial that
we are not talking about that has been
proven that she was not telling the truth that it
was in interpretation that we are
talking about that she has been proven
with evidence that she lied in the case of anv
he has been able to prove that he defamed,
that he made things up and also with
the malice to harm in the case of
rocio carrasco well I am not going to tell you that she
lies or that she tells the truth I
tell you that many things lie because
we read catch the lie basically
justice has not ruled in her favor and she
protects herself with the fact that it does not even
go to trial because the judges are
sexist and do not want to see it and that
antonia bis is not free because she has not
been tried this is sovereign
nonsense that is also sometimes used by
the followers of I will do galas and
antonio davis are not acquitted  of the
gender violence case because they have not been
tried because the judges have not
even seen any evidence despite
the insistence and claims
of the plaintiff they have not even seen an
index and the thing is that some of the
things that they have presented have a bit of fabric
especially some of them but what they have
been and done is one thing that they never
mention what they have been Antonio
Avila I think it is called if he is not
investigated he has been investigated and
based on that investigation
all the documentation because the judges have
had all the evidence and
all the documentation not those from the
TV factory or the Mieres fans
based on all the documentation they have not
even had a trial but
even if they are not acquitted they are
completely innocent Rocío Carrasco
as I say they continue on all the sets and
being the same as we put in
battered women and such and Mijares
also continues with his refrain in fact I will
pretend to this day that we are talking
that this started in 2016 or 2015 I think that
by the time this video is being uploaded
or at  at least this week
an interview has been announced on antena3 in
which from what I understand in the trailer
that we will comment on when it is
published from what I understand in the
trailer he is already returning to
imply the same old tirade that he has
always had that has
destroyed his career damage that he has
even had economic in fact at
this moment that I am recording this
video the twitter account has been closed it
is deactivated and it seems to me very
similar that days before
the interview is published the
account is closed I have the feeling that you never
know what he will have said in the
interview the nonsense that he will say and here he
already takes this measure but well we
will see of course when I am going to talk
about these three people that I already told you he
made it clear this video is a
personal opinion and always saving the
differences between each one is worth because maybe he
tells the truth at least another is not that he
lies but from his experience he
wants what is said or interprets it
that way and another is perhaps simply
lying each case is different although there are
similarities but when I speak  Of
these three of course I have to
mention the use that she makes of the press
and for example in the case
of Rocío she boasts of having been
silent for 20 years when in reality
I have shown in a lot of videos
that it is not true or rather that she has not been
silent for 20 years but no way that on
many occasions she has leaked things to the
press things that maybe she not
only has made statements
because on some occasions she has
made them in fact I have a click of like
sálvame comments that Rocío Carrasco in
which she calls so that it is known that the case
of gender violence is still open
for you egg and girl call Antonio
David on the phone to ask him about
the appeal of the supreme capo made Rocío
Carrasco and Antonio David begins to say
that the supreme will be dismissed since they have
told him that nanay of the Chinese and
pay attention to the clarification that he makes
with this program
and Rocío Carrasco just said that what
we have seen in the video that the
model has won that she has won  are
you telling me that this lady
hears or finds out by song, she had
said nothing on the program that the supreme court
told her no way, that there is no
case and she comes in by phone, calls
the program to tell them no, that they should
continue forward, Antonio David is not
innocent yet, let him not clear his image
yet please, what intention does she have by
filing the lawsuit, that justice be done
or tarnish his image so that we go to
the law of gender violence, whether if you
really want justice and your
intention is for this person to pay for
the harm that he has done to you, does she have the intention of
calling the program Sálvame que
marchena, what does it matter what they say on
Sálvame, without Sálvame they give out false news
every day, if the other day they announced the
death of a bullfighter who had died
eight years ago, which has happened on some
occasions, what they do is that others
contact the
press or they release news indirectly
through the press because they have friends who are
journalists or program directors or
whatever, for her to continue
implying that she is silent and that it is only the
other side that speaks, another example that
occurs to me like in  the press leaked
the video of antonio davis identifying himself
for the case of concealment of assets - this
video that does not leave antonio davis in a good light
this video could only have been
leaked by one of the parties and I do not believe
that they are yet the one who has put it
in the case of my area I find it
very funny the use of the press
that she makes because instead of choosing and
on her own networks that on some
occasions they also do it but I
imagine that she does not do it much either because
in the occasions that she has made a video
defending herself the
contradictions are amplified the umpire the lies and
what he does is that every time something happens to him
that could skew some information
as to attack he goes to the press it is seen
that the lawyer or the mother or someone
has friends in the press and he goes to the
press it is as if the more headlines he
makes the more right he is she started the
media battle with her ex
just as rossi removed it is said that you have to
see that antonio davila of things that he
has said about rociíto no gentlemen as for the I
demonstrated that rociíto in the  that
the media battle against
anthony davis begins, I will also do this
interview in which he goes with ingrid,
win michu's ex, also dallas' ex, who
both went to interview to give an
interview where they put to give shape to the
loop, not only that but they are
also in charge of going to the press
when they file a lawsuit or when it is
admitted for processing, that is, to celebrate the
lawsuits not only before winning it
but before there is even a
trial, simply what puts it one of
the last cases that was spectacular
is how they used the press in one of
the times that they were
provisionally given the case of argos, the
case of argos for those who do not know what it is about
because there will be many people who
follow me because of jong or because of
rociíto, the case of something is that her ex
boyfriend dallas is denouncing her for
alleged misappropriation because
she was sentenced many
years ago to return the dog that they had in
common, the justice gave custody to
dallas, he only gave him custody, not that it is that it
was his and  She did not comply with the
sentence and did not return the dog.
Well, we will also mention the case
of the dog. Later on, this case
was dismissed twice and she
went to the press to celebrate and to boast
that the case had been dismissed and
that therefore no one could tell her that she
had stolen the dog. She even
warned everyone who gave an opinion
that she had stolen the dog that if they did not
take a picture and apologize to her and agree with
her, she would sue
everyone and after months it
turns out that the case has been reopened
and there was a trial and they took it was a
Shanghai to the mouth, in other words, this is
more proof that they do not use
justice because they feel violated or
anything like that, they want to use
revenge, what they want is to
humiliate them. If you feel violated, you do not
go to the press to boast in this
way, how do you gain from the processes by
giving incomplete information?
What you want is for people to agree with
you and they hope that
the  people are going to agree with you and
public opinion is going to change for me
the worst part of one of the worst
things about the case I will do dallas on the
argos issue done with the issue something incredible is
that they still won't get off their high horse and
are trying to get people to
agree with them that the dog they have is nothing
special in amber's case
well for years she leaked photographs and
leaked a ton of edited and
manipulated videos to the press not only did she
leak the photograph but
in addition the manipulated ones she retouched her a
bit to make her face look more
Moorish and well in this
specific trial we were able to find out from
one of the members of one of the
main media outlets in the
heart of the world of mz she
leaked a video cutting out the part that
interested her and also let's see she
contacted the journalists to
warn them that she was going to be filing a
lawsuit johnny on such street at such time on
such day so that the journalists
would be on that street at that time and that
day and she was present so that they could
photograph her with a  bruise
probably made up because the
next day they caught her in other
photographs smiling laughing her
ass off without a bruise, that is, the girl notified the
press telling them where she was going to be so they could
photograph her with the bruise and with a
sad face in the end it only turned out
that she had a very hard face not of very
hard pain because then the next day she did
n't have a bruise and she was sad but as I
told you, the three of them agree in going around
saying that they have always been silent
that they only defend themselves before the law
until now I have never spoken out on
youtube I have never made a single video
talking about the subject that is why I have never
spoken out publicly that is why I have never
defended myself if you want or make a
decision at the time I decided that I was not
going to participate in this [ __ ] even
so during all this time I have kept
quiet because I have spent 20 years without
speaking and without saying absolutely anything
for pleasure because I like to suffer
and well as I tell you none of the three
have been silent for anything I will do what I have
proven there is no need for me to
prove anything to you it has gone to the press it has gone
on television to talk about her problem she has
gone to the press she has even gone on
television to talk about her
problem with the dog she has made I don't know
how many statements on twitter she has done
interviews on salt channels I have heard
when it is not her it is some friend the
mother or the lawyer then there is the issue
of crying in front of the camera yesterday we
were talking about the case
of Jennifer Lara and the thing is that people
were completely empathizing with
her not only because of the pain she
was feeling at that moment which I do
not doubt but because the
fact of seeing a person crying
so much in front of a camera if you have a
little heart it makes you soften a
little no all the networks were already
calling abuse son of a bit of a bad
father of the girl and then when we
investigated the case and we have seen
all the complete information we have seen
that things are not as she
told them or as she wanted to make them
seem in the case of Rocío I will do and
Amber the three of them coincide in
crying in front of the camera as if
the more they agonize the more reason their testimony gives you
and it is something that a lot of
people  one thing can slip in is that you
on a television program or
live on a string suddenly start
crying because it escapes you because you can't
avoid it but another thing is that you
record yourself and avoid the video when you
cry recording a video editing it is
because you want people to see you
crying because she should have made
sure that her daughter had stayed
away from all of this because she should have made
sure that her daughter went
because that is proof that she did what she
did
and why did she do it
to me this does not comfort me if you want
a complaint to hurt someone I do
not think I can take any more blows
and I also cannot stand all the [ __ ]
that I have inside a lot of [ __ ] already lived
in
time you will
not be able to reach me that the 300 are very
real then a similarity that
I also see and I insist on this always all this
video is going to be based on
personal opinions okay but for me they
have so much hatred and so much desire to
destroy their exes that since
the abuse issue does not work for them they
want to impute any sentence whatever it
is okay it's like the fact that
they are convicted for another matter that
a headline comes out in some newspaper of
x convicted don't imagine for example
rociíto is accusing antonio abi of
concealment of assets- this is what we
wanted I could go on at length on the
subject but I'll summarize it turns out that
antonio had signed an agreement
with rociíto in which he had to pay her
500 euros a month in
child support when they agreed to
shared custody that he is still going strong that they
agree to shared custody when you
think that your ex husband is abusive
but anyway the fact is that antonio
habits did not pay the boy's desire to look for
problems and since he didn't pay, not
only would he not pay but they
couldn't seize his assets because everything is in
his partner's name and
companies no then they are reporting him
for concealment of assets and he would
condemn him for this crime and he would have done it
with the intention of not paying child
support which I think they are not going to
condemn him for because he has companies and
things but I imagine that there are other
intentions not to defraud or cheat
the woman in fact he is paying  as of
today catching up on
support but well that is a
very long topic the question is that he
is also reporting her for not
paying the child support that she has to
pay her son and at the moment they
are asking for a year according to the
media for family abandonment and in order to
take him forward she is capable of
taking even
herself and the thing is that what she wants
is for some newspaper to show
Antonio Davis convicted of whatever
not for defamation for concealment of
assets- as if that sentence would
somehow be satisfactory to her but that yes
in fact if any sentence would be
satisfactory to her but as if
that sentence would be worth the sentence
that she has not obtained, for
example, in my case I will do according to
Alange's account but I am not going to
question it either because they
are filing lawsuits against her all
the time for slander, for the right to honor,
some criminal, others civil, harassment, I think they
also filed against her for some tweets
then they also have cross-complaints
because they met on the street it
was not that  lió wants a
valuable conviction he wants there to be a conviction so that
later the press can decide the review
convicted of slander imagine if
some were not obtained like that
headline somehow proved him right
spb look convicted convicted
convicted and then in the case of amber she
filed the counterclaim but I think she's
going to relax after what
happened to her because really for her to
relax and what she has done to amber is
something that the others also do the
other two we're talking about
similarities here that I see between the three
okay that not only accuses her of
abuse but accuses her of all the
worst things in the world
ugly insinuations for example amber accuses him of
animal abuse johnny accused him
of workplace harassment because she says that the
lawyer was trying to make her a mobile I don't know
that you are my harem I tell you don't
talk to me it's not only that she has accused
her this evil of her as such but she
accuses him of abuse and mahler and makes
ugly insinuations not here for example she
uploaded a photo of herself with her arms
raised so that  they could see the
hairs under my armpit and put this text that he
later deleted dedicating the photo to the boyfriend
who asked me to shave all over
because that way I looked more innocent and he
puts this description in the photograph it
was completely unnecessary because if
you want to claim feminism which
by the way after taking the photo he
uploaded other shaved photos but if you
want to claim feminism go ahead and there's
no need for you to put that when you
put the boyfriend who asked me to
shave all over because that way I looked more
innocent it's clear what you're
insinuating not the most innocent that you
shave all over also not that you shave
everyone what you know what you
're referring to that you look more
innocent well we also understand everything
what we mean by innocence it
seems to us that demi avec there's no need for me to
give many details I think that
everyone already knows the insinuations of
the things that they accuse me of
constantly going to Dallas no and in what I
tell you Dallas they have put it of animal
abuse of animal abuse
women of child abuse of all the
worst crimes in the penal code of
evading taxes also a lot of
things that I think are missing and
one of the crimes in the penal code and
rociíto the same not putting him as a bad
father Antonio David the bad friend of a bad
person who uses people remember
the episodes of Antonia vi's youth
that are real but those mistakes that
many people the youth commit Antonio
apparently kept money from a
fine when he was a civil guard. Cela
is great but damn it's something that he
was 20 years old that does not justify it is that
when the young man
many mistakes are made when he is a bit of a
hooligan even more so he also remembers
episodes of when Antonia Visa has
become aggressive with journalists and
raises her hand or whatever it is not as
if to accompany her story they
want to paint a picture of her
ex-partner as Voldemort in fact
some call him Voldemort no some
not the worst monster that exists then a
similarity that I love and makes me laugh a lot
is how they use a third party as a
throwing weapon and this more than her I  I
think they harm third parties that
lend themselves to this. I personally
was a third party now that I think about it, well
I will do it, for example, I really wanted there to be
people making the video,
but powerful people making videos about
Dallas, no, I'm sure that the video
that Win Michu released, the famous one, here is the
review. For those who come from other
anime and don't know who Win Michu is, he is
a youtuber who was very famous in his day, he
is very powerful, today there are many
rumors out there that he is Mieres' current partner, which
is until now because as far as
I know, it is not confirmed and I think
they deny it, but what is
true is that Win Michu has had
a very big conflict with Dallas, I
think, I take it for granted, but I believe, but of
course, that's all, I
never base it on my knowledge and on what
I already intuited, that is, on obvious things.
I believe that in a moment of weakness
of Windmill when everyone
was attacking him for the bottles or my
area, take, take, take
a video comes out, some video, some video, a
video and I help Win Micro that  release
that video in fact a lot of the information
that she brings out well said in that video is
information that as I have already
explained in other videos here I
was putting my editor videos that I have
made on the main channel and on the
secondary channel on the subject at the time
are things that fit me that are
information that she handles and not
only information that
she handles but her and her group there are many
parts of that video that was based on
a blog about life in Dallas that
a friend of my mother managed they will not do
net and the three of them agree that they
have certain friendships that lend themselves to being
used for this type of things
in the case of websites Michu comes out very
harmed because lending himself to this
with the name that he had the confidence
that he had in the world of the internet that
everyone had a respect for him
sank him or rather by lending himself to these
things and by putting himself next to her in
this way he is a god to his career well
said right now that I would like to have
a number that has a million these
bad moments but it is difficult it is
difficult to know who he was and then he has
another series of friendships in the  In the case of
Mieres, well we have all the allies,
El Masnou, that Fear and Neck fleet, and two
that are well, then some have turned out to
be a little strange, let's leave it there.
People from the everyday forum are people who are
willing to post tweets so they don't get their
hands dirty, and I know this
because I used to hang out with them and they've
told me myself, there you go, retweet this, post this, which I can't do
because I'm on my last legs, do
n't they see that I also context
these little people, in some way, as if they
pay them great homage and
fulfill all their requests, it's as if they
have a defense towards her as if she were
some kind of relative, so they can
beat their chests, saying that she's
a great friend who has a lot of confidence
in her, and it's something very pathetic because it's
not really a reciprocal friendship,
a friendship has to go both
ways, you have to give the same as they
give for you, I'm sure that in the
case of, for example, I will get with Manu
Hoja or with Aramaic with anyone from the
everyday forum, I'm sure that it's not
a reciprocal friendship because they wouldn't
do it for me  if the case were the other
way around, the same thing they do for her,
they are capable of even going to the
trouble for her, which on the contrary would not
happen with Rocío, the same thing happens, Rosito
has Terelu, Abel in Rojo, Pilar Vida
has a lot of collaborators from
Telecinco that are pitiful, but what a pitiful thing, I
mean, La Campo, so pitiful, they get involved for
her, to fight for her when in
reality, in all the stories, there is
no black or white, normally there is usually
and it says but they are
positioned as if it were something
from their family, it seems that the payment in
exchange is to be able to say we are like
sisters, Alba Carrillo too, we are not
like sisters, Gordi and my sister, look
how proud she is that my friend is my
friend and it is a friendship that is not
reciprocal and that does not go on both sides at
the same intensity. In Amber's case, I
no longer know one hundred percent in
depth since it is people from
other countries and that speak in another language,
to what extent it involves people and
people get their hands dirty for them,
for example, the sister, I think that she has
not been very sincere in the  trial I don't
know if to the point of being able to charge her
with false testimony because for example
the sister has said that well it gives
an image of Amber in the trial
that does not correspond with reality
because for example there are videos of the
sister in which she recognizes that
Amber herself has been aggressive with her but for
example there are a lot of friends
who have gotten involved in
Amber's cause in a pathetic and pitiful way and
who have been caught lying in
trial NATO is directly modeling I'm
not going to comment on a similarity now
that makes me very in quotes because
in one of the cases the truth is that it
even makes me indignant and it is the issue of
having associations like that they
use collective associations of
collectives I don't know not the hunger in
particular I think it's something similar
even to an NGO for example Amber
is backed by class l which
would be the American Union for
Civil Liberties this association that has
even gotten involved with Amber to
the point of reforming part of the trial to
name her ambassador for
gender violence ambassador for
battered women and this association was even involved
in all this nonsense about the
article that was written the
defamatory article against johnny that's the
dick because in my area there is an
association that in some way helps him
in a way that outrages me because it is
about facua facua a
subsidized association for them it is
subsidized and it is an association that has to
dedicate itself to defending
consumers what facua has to
dedicate itself to that if it says the
telephone company or iberdrola or any of these
companies abuses the bill well they
defend you that if you have to pay fees
even though it is subsidized you
have to pay your fees and the thing
is that this association and its spokesperson is
dedicated to helping her mediatically they
help her by publishing news about her or
spreading news about her for
example facua is in charge of giving the
news every time I will take
legal action or some months
before you take them but when you have
the thought of filing it or when you
win it as happened recently with one of the
lawsuits with nobody's lawsuit which is
a lawsuit that still has no
sentence  firm or for example your
spokesperson sharing
the news that they filed a
case of something when that case has since been
reopened and everyone has remained
silent, but the guy starts
helping them how can you start
helping them share this case,
help her yes, support her in other cases
but in this one a
subsidized association is to pull your
hair out and then the case of
Rocío well, it's to throw yourself on the
floor and make a croquette in the case of
Rocío we had the minister and
where Montero walking through the
Telecinco programs for Sálvame
the minister appears for Sálvame and putting your
old lady supporting the documentary the minister
of equality okay for those who don't know
what the Ministry of Equality is it is
a ministry that costs 500 million in
Spain and that is useless it is
also historical that it is very
feminist for it to support
feminist escraches on Twitter to paint a
color bank  so you can put
skirts on traffic lights I
also have to comment on one thing that really
makes me very nervous okay it makes me really
angry and it's like somehow
sometimes when they go to the
press or when they give statements they
tell things in a biased way or
with half-truths so that
second readings or misrepresentations of
things are made for example in the case of
dallas salas he had a trial with some
minors who accused him of abuse and
cyberbullying okay cyberbullying of minors he
had a trial that let's go it's incredible that
it will even go to trial because it
's a pantomime a brutal spectacle they
asked him if on any occasion he
had sent photos with this minor and he
responded that the only photo they could
have of him is a photo of his torso that he
himself had published on his networks well
this was poorly recorded in the
sentence and they took it as a proven fact and
dallas had exchanged photos of
his torso with this minor this is something that they
evidently recorded poorly because
why can't you take
one thing for granted when in the same
sentence above to put the minor it was
asked that  she would hand over the
conversations she had with him she
handed them over and she didn't hand them over because she
had nothing to hand over what she had to hand over
because it didn't match
her story the thing is that as a
barley as a proven fact that they have
sent photos when not even the minor
has wanted to provide the conversations
well then this fact the fact of the
bad luck they've had with the
torso being collected in this way they
use it and twist it despite the fact that it
is an acquittal and the fact that the
guy is completely innocent and that
this was a joke that they tied him up
okay even though he was found innocent they
cling to this phrase to continue
sowing the shadow of doubt the
lawyer in my area and then
some media outlets probably echoed this thread on twitter
as usually happens because I know them they are
colleagues or whatever not the lawyer in my
area who had absolutely nothing to
do with this case of the minors because
the case of the minors has
absolutely nothing to do with me I will do
the only thing that has to do with Mieres is
that I will do I participated in
conversations with those girls and that I
appeared as a witness it is the only thing I
could have  what to see but it is a case in
which he is not practicing law
but he was in charge of doing a
biased reading or a reading that he
liked badly and what is the sentence I am not
going to explain the sentence they had not
passed the full text
acquitting the matter of the sheet I do
an analysis of its most
important aspects of the most
important aspects that he wants the
sentence considers as a proven fact
that the complainant when she was 13 years old
began to chat Dallas knew she was
13 years old and sent her a photo of her torso
of the knot that I already tell you yes it is true
that it is in the sentence this part
of the sentence suddenly is not
attractive or important to the lawyer
has told me this what has been proven
is that in March 2016 the accused
broke up his relationship with such an
acquaintance as my areal and as it is
recognized by both as a result of that
separation I will begin contact
with other young women who had had
some relationship with the accused and who
felt disappointed by him in the case
of such and of the minors such have already
appeared as a witness  and the minor
complainant here declares that she
contacted so-and-so because she was a girl
who had experienced something similar to
what happened to her and she told her
everything and then the others although without
details and well at the end of her
statement in court when asked
by the defense why in the WhatsApp of
May she did not refer to the episode of the
withdrawal the minor answered that she wanted to
keep it to herself and did not want to give
more details which is contradictory
to the previous statement they formed
a group called
mijares cela saying such and such that they were
trying to support each
other and they decided to denounce the accused they
made a group where they decided to report
it is worth it so that the decision of the
complaint was adopted jointly
this is essential in order to
assess the statements of such and such and
such who initially
appeared in the case as
injured party and later have deposed in the
oral trial as witnesses however
that goal has not been achieved not being
convincing the statements of such and such
currently in unknown whereabouts is
a girl who in her day then
contacted me got angry with my area and
contacted me  no the call the
conversations with her keeps everything to
me contacted me saying that she did not attend the
trial whoever does not feel like it okay that she
could not because she did not feel like it because
everything was a lie did not want to participate and
besides she was angry because these people did
not speak to her and these people when they saw
that these girls were contacting me and
telling me things what they did
quickly was call her okay and
regain the friendship and that of such for
her lack of credibility because at the time she
publicly said that the group had
talked about lying to the police on page
429 and in trial she comes to say that that is what it
was a lie and that she said it
to make friends with Dallas in addition
this witness was reprimanded for her way
of testifying she gave an imprecise and
frivolous testimony incoherent and with
contradictions in addition they invented a
new qualification as it remains that he had not
been acquitted but that he had been
acquitted for lack of evidence and it is like
but what a lack of evidence and they do not present
the conversations and also the
testimonies are evidence or fuss okay
this thing of the naked torso the second
reading and this type of shadows are
used even in trials  Okay, they
use things in trials like the press
says, it is said that they are things that they
themselves go to the press, let the press
say this is a trial that Dallas had with
Wing Mich for slander, okay, no, in
fact, it is true that it is the
acquittal that he talks so much about, was that
proven that you asked
the minor for photos? If they had considered it
proven that they had convicted on the spot,
that is what I understand what it is, we are
not going to do secondary readings now,
one in the other, in the
sources and the answers,
secondary readings are basically what
the lawyer does, trying to modify a part of
the sentence in a totally
quarrelsome manner as the
news media does to give whatever they want,
despite the fact that it is a sentence that says
I am innocent, he tries to paint it as he
pleases, to hear how the judge cuts him off, it
is great to
have a photo,
well, any photo
is absolutely central, the person under
16 years of age has no
problem and the other is a photo with
certain connotations of a sexual nature, we
are going to specify and there it said something
related to photos of minors, if it was
content, none, I added them,
publish the context of this part  the
sentence that's me speaking
basically it was understood even in
trials, that is, the judges themselves
trying to turn around an
acquittal sentence, obviously the
websites put plugs in his mouth, tells him to
shut up and tells him not to do a second
reading. in the case of Amber we could
make a similarity with what
happened with the trial with The Sun. The
trial with The Sun deserves that I make a
video explaining it well here on my
main channel but basically it is a
trial where the accused is not Amber.
Amber is a witness for Sant. It is a
sensationalist and yellow media in the
United Kingdom that made a cover painting
Johnny Depp as if he were a
wife beater, which is what happens, he is being
denounced as if he were here in Spain
for slander. Johnny Depp would have to
prove that they have lied with
reckless disregard for the truth and
basically
Amber went to testify, she lied in
court. by the way, they could condemn the
perfect one for perjury because you
can lie when you are the accused
but not when you are a witness. clear
here they acquitted de Sant  Joan and loses
the trial because it cannot be proven
that he lied with reckless disregard for
the truth, but rather that they called him an
abuser based on
AMD's statements. Well, this is used by the allies
and the few people who defend Amber
to say how is it possible that
I didn't even win this trial when there is another
judge who does say that he can be called an
abuser, it's wonderful, not the
readings they make of justice and
taking advantage of
people's ignorance is brutal, not in Rossi's case,
everything that most resembles this type
of double reading and second reading and
second language and trying to
stir up something that these people do to
sentences and things, well, for
example, I would compare it to the fact that in the
television factories they have sold a
provisional dismissal as if the
judges were waiting for
the case to be reopened, as if they have not
dismissed it because the evidence they
gave him was a pantomime or was not
bad, that is not the story, he has presented
all kinds of reports, all the calls,
everything he had in  her hand and none of
that has been considered bad in fact what they
tell her rice is that she has
civil proceedings because her ex-husband going
around television sets speaking
badly of her is not cursed it could be
something civil about honor of privacy or
something and neither because the lawsuit or 18
times and does not do any the question
is that rociíto carlota corredera and all of
telecinco started selling a
provisional dismissal as if it were the
judges having said look we
still don't have much evidence
okay let's wait you don't know the
documentary and when we see the documentary we
reopen the case we put Antonio
well in jail and it is not like that really the
case is more than studied more than
investigated the case is not going to be reopened
unless it occurs to Antonio
David to go to rociíto's house and with the
apollo hair that is not going to happen this was
one of the things that caused me the most
emotions when we were
reacting to amber's trial okay the
trial of amber and de jong and
obviously there is no need for you
explain no this is a photograph that
she submits to the courts in the same
valuable photograph it is exactly the
same photograph I don't think I need to
say it what happens is that she submits
to the court the one on the left the one that
is obviously retouched that
skin color is not natural the natural skin color
is this one here but she
increases the saturation and retouches it to make it
look like she is more irritated or that she has been
pasted something when they put them in
court why do they submit
photos manipulated with photoshop or
any editing program let's see she
starts saying that it is not the same photo that
looks like in the photos but that it is not the
same that it is a similar photo but that they
were taken at another time with a
different Luciana retouch the photo
obviously later in the case it was
proven that the photos and in the same one
because the metadata showed the same
date and the same second this to
compare it with something reminds me a lot of
when they say that these two dogs are not
the same this one on the right is something and it is
the dog that I will do does not return it in
turn obeying what it has to
obey  which is a civil judgment and
asks her to return the dog to her
ex-partner because the dog that
she currently has is the one on the left and she says
that it is not the same dog called
Marlos this one on the left is a
photograph with her here we can see
this stain like a hook that appears
here they are not chemical stains and
from here you can see the
current photos of Marlos okay because this one is
more worth them
valuable according to them the dog is not the
same here you have a photo of her from her
youtube channel when she made videos with
the dog you can see the stain on his
head and the stain here and this is a
photo well of the dog today
because they have had to present it in
court they tell us that it is not the same
dog that they will not return it because it is not
the same dog and here the same is worth
photos from when they had the dog and photos
of Marlos surely those of you who have
followed Rocío's case will remember
Ana Bernal Triviño right the
journalist specialized in
gender violence and feminism that I don't know who
gave her the title of this girl  she
dedicated there on the sets of telecinco
treating antonio david like an
abuser despite the fact that justice
was provisionally acquitted of the
case her supporting the theory that a
dismissal is not an innocence value
when these people work on the case
for the issue of something that I already told you they
filed it twice but according to
dallas they have reopened it again what
happens is that to give that news they do not go
to the media because when the facua was
in charge of spreading the news that the
case had been dismissed ana bernal
triviño defended her the paraná bernal
triviño that case if it was fair that he was
acquitted and in that case if she backed him
as innocent but nevertheless antonio
david not antonio the visible about that in
the case you are there this is because the
mother of my area that now we will read one
was in charge of making friends with a
lot of people journalists of
all kinds of people among them
this journalist and with the whole issue of the
rociíto documentary has been
insisting until  continue with
Carlota Corredera which can get
complicated and by the way although I am
making this video looking for
similarities a little between the three,
Mieres' mother took charge on her Twitter
as she sent a series of tweets that we will
read below a few of
looking for similarities or at least
make some way to a
personal interpretation maybe I am
wrong but I have the feeling that
in these tweets that we are going to read
Mieres' mother wants to imply or
find the similarity between the case of
Rocío Carrasco and that of her excited life
again seeing my dear Ana Bernal
Triviño defending the dignity of
abused women victims who if they
remain silent are ignored and
denied let's see if they remain
silent they cannot be denied okay they
are denied because they do not remain
silent and if they speak they are insulted
humiliated and revictimized the evil
through the media
about Rocío Carrasco is the equivalent
of the abuse that is done today through  of
the networks and platforms and that many of us
know is that these people give me the
feeling that they call abuse the
criticisms, the opinions, the freedom
of expression of people who sit
on gossip programs and do
interviews on salté channels or
you have to believe them by balls or if they have a
different opinion because they are missing that it is
necessary to have women are educated
like Ana Bernal Triviño form Dish and more
explaining the abuse in a program
with millions of viewers gas light
revictimization time it takes to
report and so many other things that are
talked about and talked about without knowing and the friend answers her
casually very casually the
friend is that she wrote a blog about the
life of Dallas and how abusive that given
the I am not forcing myself to watch that
program and my god the vibes vibe you don't
vibe the example samper that is to say that
Diego Arrabal vibrated he shouted to the four
winds that justice had ruled in his
favor Antonio Davis and his pond
cheered him on all in unison harassing him for
money harassing him for money everyone at
unison well now justice
has ruled in favor of Mariló Montero
karma that has to do with karma
justice ruled in favor of Antonio there
was a case of abuse a
criminal case of abuse justice ruled in favor
of Mariló Montero in a case of
violation of privacy for something
that is not that he did it gave claw bar
were some photographs that
Diego Arrabal's agency took for which he is
responsible but it has absolutely
nothing to do with it a violation of
privacy because they take a photograph
of a famous person in a place where they
cannot make a case of karma it is as if
now suddenly I defend the
presumption of innocence of Antonio to me
because Anton had won the case and
now suddenly I lose a case in
which he insulted someone he tries to
compare it to me it is not like it has to do with
it maybe they can fine me for
jumping a red light that would not be karma pay
attention to this tweet it is a gem that
a lady points you out as  abuser
closes all the doors on you ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha she's
complaining
but I believe you that she's complaining in
some way I think this is a complaint
maybe I'm wrong tell me you I
think this is a complaint that when
a woman comes out and calls you abuse, don't
close all the doors that's what's
in the complaint is that she doesn't close
all the doors that even when they
call you abuse that she trusts you and there are
companies that don't stop collaborating
with you and that continue working with you that's
the complaint without comment no without
comment she's not laughing or rather it's a complaint
no yes she's laughing like a complaint it's not that
what she would like is that
when someone accuses you of being
abusers and that they close the
doors on you so that the Antonio Davids of La
Vida continue was Pérez de Tudela this
trident the Antonio Davids of La Vida
so that the Antonio Davids of La Vida
continue destroying their exes they still need
Olga an accomplice just like that call me a bad
thinker call me a bad thinker but  that the
same this the same ones here are
trying to make a hint to someone to
someone who is also YouTube the one
called Lee yes I believe it is I believe mistreatment
amplified through the media that
is close everything Ana Bernal that is close
everything that is close that you were
people the live that you went to
Catalan television or that you have gone to a lot of
salt channels it was heard directed at the
press to say things about Dallas it is the
channel that through the media I can
say about you whatever the hell I want and
people are going to believe me manipulative
liars unscrupulous miserable
all cut from the same cloth the
same cloth the
same cloth that is here what he
is trying to say is like they are
all cut and he is telling us he is telling us that it is that he
believes the abusers and that they can
lie whatever they want that they can
say whatever they want he is not
literally not in Dallas there was a time when
this was not believed I would say
years years in which it was believed I
will do but a time has come in  that there was
no way to take it, it's not that he
can say whatever he wants, it's that
there are arguments, evidence, testimonies,
captures, a lot of things, I mean, this
is not just because, because he's a man who,
like what he's trying to
imply, no, no, there's a lot of context, there are
a lot of things to see with
impunity that someone's life can be destroyed,
this is a phrase that is in
quotation marks, not because those cited,
Diana Bernal, and she says we know and Anna
gives her a heart, okay, she puts her heart into it,
how does the construction of a
story against a woman begin? How many
times have we seen that? Well, I don't know how many
times she's seen it, but but but
Rocío Carrasco was the first one who went to
the press to call Antonio David
unfaithful and you were the ones who
started with statements in tweets for
you, not your daughter. Well, you with your
indirect statements about your moves, you're not the one who
started on Interview, and it was mine that
started with that statement in tweet, it started
with a statement on Twitter and some
moves that then, in the past,  it was
confusing the video of one came out the video of
another the complaint no I don't know about me those tweets
and a bunch more that people send me
screenshots and so on I don't know when they send me
screenshots of something it's not because they're watching her
but because it caught their attention it
seems very clear to me not my opinion no
but it seems very clear to me that they are
trying to present some similarity
between the case of her daughter and that of Rocío
Carrasco Nuevo if there were
comparisons and also they are trying to blame
the judges not working okay that the
judges who do not work and do not pay attention
to these complaints I'm not going to give you a
couple of clicks of Dallas explaining what
things they alleged in the complaint that they
filed against him you can see the full videos
okay the complaint is for a false complaint
that there is more or less he explains what
according to him they alleged okay to accuse him of
abuse but in the first complaint of
all he accused me a very funny thing is
that the first complaint said that on
one occasion I had abandoned her in a
roundabout and you will say well this is your
word against his it could be that an
old woman leaves a roundabout no but  It's not
just that I don't have my own car but I don't
even have a license but be
careful because now
the boy is getting his license careful Dallas because
now you might get another complaint he
made a series of videos in which he
more or less explained the
false accusation that his ex filed against him and he
commented on some things that well, I'm
falling down this the
accused emboldened by the
dismissal has dedicated himself through
the social network 'twitter' to insulting
my area and his family I
love the assessments that lawyers make look at it they don't put unnecessary things in the comments as if they were comments on youtube where they make critical assessments and comments something that the judge is going to take a position on or something like that he doesn't say instead
of putting the accused has dedicated himself
through the social network 'twitter' to
insulting my area his family puts the
accused emboldened by the over
following you know like saying hold
I'm used to reading that kind of
thing from these people
wonderful he got rid of us from reform
presented by my wife there is the
accused emboldened by the
dismissal has been dedicated through
the social network 'twitter' to insult
my area and her family I am second
one of the things that she put on which
the complaint for abuse was based ok the
complaint of gender violence that
my area Dallas files against her ok this is one of
the many reasons on which it was based
ok I think that more or less the
reasons were more or less at the same
level everything is worth but well the fact is that she
still hasn't clarified this no here she is
saying all the ones that the complaint filed
that he dedicated himself to insulting her and
her family on twitter his followers already came out
situation that has caused
comments in which they invite to
directly attack Maria and her
family and this is mind-blowing because they [ __ ]
write this in their subsequent complaint
tea you were going to hallucinate but hallucinate in
colors because the tweet in question in
which expressions like you and your
family are the worst scum family of
psychopaths were poured was published from an
account called barra baja dallas review
account that does not correspond to my
client and therefore it is
a  false accusation is very strong,
in the document that they present they
write this paragraph saying that I
am insulting her and her family and they
go for it a tweet from a fake account
that is impersonating me
my wife knows perfectly well that the
twitter account of my client is
to dallas review without a low bar
belonging to the other account to a certain
sonia anyway without comment another
similarity that I found is but
which I am not going to go into much detail
because well this is talked about a lot
there are hundreds of videos on youtube of both
one and the other is the issue of the
audios and well they are
different cases of course because in the
issue of the audios of my area a
call was leaked and some audios and so on will not leave
my area in a good place and above all they did
not match were conversations between
dallas and mieres well seeing the attitude
of my hare in that call and in those
audios well
nothing matched with her story she was in a very bad
place she was in a very bad position and also
audios of amber and johnny were leaked
in which both well she was not left  well
paid we have talked about this a thousand
times and we have listened to the audios and
we have seen this but I
also find this similarity curious or the issue that
on both sides audios have come out of
someone we have never heard audio of or
audio has never been leaked has been from
Rocío Carrasco the only thing that was leaked
once were some audios from a trial
of a statement of hers I don't know if it was
a trial it was an interrogation but in
which there were contradictions with
her statements today in the
documentary regarding the house in Miami and
other things like that no but well what do you think
I'm going there leaving the video here
but of course I surely have
left out some similarities that there are as well as
surely I left out
more similarities but well
you can contribute in the
comments box as always comment with
respect please
any lack of respect there is
towards me or any of the
protagonists of the video was banned so
please with respect what you want to
comment and give your opinion do it subscribe
like share the video and
see you tomorrow
[Music]